# Pandas Homework - Pandas, Pandas, Pandas 

## [Heroes-of-Pymoli-Pandas_Challenge](https://github.com/SusanCThomas/Heroes-of-Pymoli-Pandas_Challenge/tree/master/HeroesOfPymoli)

This challenge involved analyzing the data for an independent gaming company for their most recent fantasy game, Heroes of Pymoli. 

I was tasked to use the Pandas Library and a [Jupyter Notebook](https://github.com/SusanCThomas/Heroes-of-Pymoli-Pandas_Challenge/blob/master/HeroesOfPymoli/HeroesOfPymoli_starter.ipynb) to analyze the data and generate a report that breaks down the game's [purchasing data](https://github.com/SusanCThomas/Heroes-of-Pymoli-Pandas_Challenge/blob/master/HeroesOfPymoli/Resources/purchase_data.csv) into menaningful insights. 

Three Observable Trends Based on the Data:

1. Based on analysis of the gender demographics, Males make up the largest percentage of players at 84.03% which could also result in them making more purchases, at 652 and having a greater total purchase value of $1,967.64. On average, those that didn't disclose their gender had a purchase price that was greater than that of males and females as well as a greater average total purchase per person. 
2. Players who fall within the 20-24 age group make up the greatest percentage of players at 44.79%, which also contributed to them making a greater amount of purchases compared to the other age groups. Although the 20-24 age group make up a greater amount of purchases, the average purchase price was higher among those within the 35-39 age group. This group also had the highest average total purchase per person. 
3. The top 2 most profitable items are also the top 2 most popular items as well. Generally products with a greater market share have greater profitability, thus after sorting, the items that were most popular and taking up more market share (as it relates to the revenue generated by the single products in comparison with other products within the dataset) have the highest total purchase value. 
